README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to svelte-detector 👋</h1>
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/anthonylegoas/svelte-detector/blob/master/LICENCE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href=".github/workflows/ci.yml">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/anthony_legoas" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter: anthony_legoas" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/anthony_legoas.svg?style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

A browser extension to detect the use of Svelte in a website.

## Author

👤 **Anthony Le Goas**

- Twitter: [@anthony_legoas](https://twitter.com/anthony_legoas)
- Github: [@anthonylegoas](https://github.com/anthonylegoas)
- LinkedIn: [@anthonylegoas](https://linkedin.com/in/anthonylegoas)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2022 [Anthony Le Goas](https://github.com/anthonylegoas).<br />
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/anthonylegoas/svelte-detector/blob/master/LICENCE) licensed.

Commit message:

📝 add contributing section to readme.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Welcome to svelte-detector 👋</h1>
<p>
  <a href="https://github.com/anthonylegoas/svelte-detector/blob/master/LICENCE" target="_blank">
    <img alt="License: MIT" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg" />
  </a>
  <a href=".github/workflows/ci.yml">
  <a href="https://twitter.com/anthony_legoas" target="_blank">
    <img alt="Twitter: anthony_legoas" src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/anthony_legoas.svg?style=social" />
  </a>
</p>

A browser extension to detect the use of Svelte in a website.

## Author

👤 **Anthony Le Goas**

- Twitter: [@anthony_legoas](https://twitter.com/anthony_legoas)
- Github: [@anthonylegoas](https://github.com/anthonylegoas)
- LinkedIn: [@anthonylegoas](https://linkedin.com/in/anthonylegoas)

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!<br />Feel free to check [issues page](https://github.com/anthonylegoas/svelte-detector/issues). You can also take a look at the [contributing guide](https://github.com/anthonylegoas/svelte-detector/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## 📝 License

Copyright © 2022 [Anthony Le Goas](https://github.com/anthonylegoas).<br />
This project is [MIT](https://github.com/anthonylegoas/svelte-detector/blob/master/LICENCE) licensed.
